README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1 align="center">My portfolio / blog</h1>
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62578862/134087343-34b0197e-3f4e-4843-832a-847debb1bdfa.png" height ="40px" width="40px">

</div>

<h4 align="center">
  My portfolio/ My blog 🚀
</h4>
<p align="center">
  <img alt="Repository size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Gui-Devz/my-portfolio-blog">

  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/guilherme-batalha-2b913448/">
    <img alt="Made by GuilhermeZagari" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20by-GuilhermeZagari-%2304D361">
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/Gui-Devz/Foodfy-v2.0/commits/master">
    <img alt="GitHub last commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Gui-Devz/my-portfolio-blog">
  </a>

   <a href="https://github.com/Gui-Devz/Foodfy-v2.0/stargazers">
    <img alt="Stargazers" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Gui-Devz/my-portfolio-blog">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#-project">Project</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#rocket-Technologies">Technologies</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#information_source-How-to-use">How to use</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#✍️-how-to-contribute">How to contribute</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#license">License</a>
</p>

</h2>

## 💻 Project

<br/>

<p align="left"> This application is all about sharing.
The main idea was to create an environment where I could share my projects, ideas, and knowledge with everyone who belongs to the tech industry. 
</p>

<br/>

[//]: # "Add your gifs/images here:"

<div align="center">

<img width="1604" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62578862/134086802-0e9d830f-f399-4bca-b97e-ffd843895ce3.png">
<br/>
<br/>
<p>Blog</p>
<br/>
<img width="1604" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62578862/134086561-f0a64f82-04a3-487b-91fd-5dd33ffb6624.JPG">

</div>

<hr />

## :rocket: Technologies

[//]: # "Add the features of your project here:"

- 🔵 [Next.js][nextjs] — Next.js is an open-source development framework build on top of Node.js enabling React based web applications functionalities such as server-side rendering and generating static websites.
- 🔵 [Contentful][contentful] — Contentful is a Headless Content Management System, a tool for editing online content.
- 💹 [React Query][react-query] — "Instead of writing reducers, caching logic, timers, retry logic, complex async/await scripting (I could keep going...), you literally write a tiny fraction of the code you normally would. You will be surprised at how little code you're writing or how much code you're deleting when you use React Query."
- 💹 [React Syntax Highlighter][react-syntax-highlighter] — With this amazing react component it's possible to properly style the code blocks retrieved from Contentful(or any other source).
- 💹 [Nodemailer][nodemailer] — A library that makes possible to send emails from the app.
- 💹 [Axios][axios] — Promise based HTTP client for the browser and node.js
- 💹 [SASS][sass] — Sass is the most mature, stable, and powerful professional grade CSS extension language in the world.
  components and styles.

## :information_source: How To Use

To clone and run this application, you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com), [Node.js][nodejs] and [Yarn][yarn] installed on your computer.

### Install Front-end

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/Gui-Devz/my-portfolio-blog.git

# Go into the repository
$ cd my-portfolio-blog

# Install dependencies
$ yarn install

# Run
$ yarn start

# running on port 3000

```

Obs. Don't forget to set your environment variables, check the '.env.test' file.

## ✍️ How to contribute

- Make a fork;
- Create a branch with your feature: `git checkout -b my-feature`;
- Commit changes: `git commit -m 'feat: My new feature'`;
- Make a push to your branch: `git push origin my-feature`.

After merging your receipt request to done, you can delete a branch from yours.

## License

his project is under the MIT license.

Made with ♥ by Guilherme Zagari :wave: [Get in touch!](https://www.linkedin.com/in/guilherme-batalha-2b913448/)

[nodejs]: https://nodejs.org/
[nextjs]: https://nextjs.org/
[prismic]: https://prismic.io/
[contentful]: https://www.contentful.com/
[react-query]: https://react-query.tanstack.com/
[react-infinite-scroll]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-infinite-scroll-component
[react-syntax-highlighter]: https://github.com/react-syntax-highlighter/react-syntax-highlighter
[stripe]: https://stripe.com/en-br
[nodemailer]: https://nodemailer.com/about/
[postgresql]: https://www.postgresql.org/
[express]: https://expressjs.com/
[json-server]: https://github.com/typicode/json-server
[miragejs]: https://github.com/typicode/json-server
[reactjs]: https://reactjs.org/
[axios]: https://github.com/axios/axios
[sass]: https://sass-lang.com/
[styled-components]: https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components
[yarn]: https://yarnpkg.com/

Commit message:

UPDATE: removing nodemailer and adding the sendgrid to the technologies list

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1 align="center">My portfolio / blog</h1>
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62578862/134087343-34b0197e-3f4e-4843-832a-847debb1bdfa.png" height ="40px" width="40px">

</div>

<h4 align="center">
  My portfolio/ My blog 🚀
</h4>
<p align="center">
  <img alt="Repository size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Gui-Devz/my-portfolio-blog">

  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/guilherme-batalha-2b913448/">
    <img alt="Made by GuilhermeZagari" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20by-GuilhermeZagari-%2304D361">
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/Gui-Devz/Foodfy-v2.0/commits/master">
    <img alt="GitHub last commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Gui-Devz/my-portfolio-blog">
  </a>

   <a href="https://github.com/Gui-Devz/Foodfy-v2.0/stargazers">
    <img alt="Stargazers" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Gui-Devz/my-portfolio-blog">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#-project">Project</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#rocket-Technologies">Technologies</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#information_source-How-to-use">How to use</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#✍️-how-to-contribute">How to contribute</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#license">License</a>
</p>

</h2>

## 💻 Project

<br/>

<p align="left"> This application is all about sharing.
The main idea was to create an environment where I could share my projects, ideas, and knowledge with everyone who belongs to the tech industry. 
</p>

<br/>

[//]: # "Add your gifs/images here:"

<div align="center">

<img width="1604" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62578862/134086802-0e9d830f-f399-4bca-b97e-ffd843895ce3.png">
<br/>
<br/>
<p>Blog</p>
<br/>
<img width="1604" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62578862/134086561-f0a64f82-04a3-487b-91fd-5dd33ffb6624.JPG">

</div>

<hr />

## :rocket: Technologies

[//]: # "Add the features of your project here:"

- 🔵 [Next.js][nextjs] — Next.js is an open-source development framework build on top of Node.js enabling React based web applications functionalities such as server-side rendering and generating static websites.
- 🔵 [Contentful][contentful] — Contentful is a Headless Content Management System, a tool for editing online content.
- 💹 [React Query][react-query] — "Instead of writing reducers, caching logic, timers, retry logic, complex async/await scripting (I could keep going...), you literally write a tiny fraction of the code you normally would. You will be surprised at how little code you're writing or how much code you're deleting when you use React Query."
- 💹 [React Syntax Highlighter][react-syntax-highlighter] — With this amazing react component it's possible to properly style the code blocks retrieved from Contentful(or any other source).
- 💹 [Sendgrid][sendgrid] — An email API service (it handles the email sending in the portfolio page).
- 💹 [Axios][axios] — Promise based HTTP client for the browser and node.js
- 💹 [SASS][sass] — Sass is the most mature, stable, and powerful professional grade CSS extension language in the world.
  components and styles.

## :information_source: How To Use

To clone and run this application, you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com), [Node.js][nodejs] and [Yarn][yarn] installed on your computer.

### Install Front-end

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/Gui-Devz/my-portfolio-blog.git

# Go into the repository
$ cd my-portfolio-blog

# Install dependencies
$ yarn install

# Run
$ yarn start

# running on port 3000

```

Obs. Don't forget to set your environment variables, check the '.env.test' file.

## ✍️ How to contribute

- Make a fork;
- Create a branch with your feature: `git checkout -b my-feature`;
- Commit changes: `git commit -m 'feat: My new feature'`;
- Make a push to your branch: `git push origin my-feature`.

After merging your receipt request to done, you can delete a branch from yours.

## License

his project is under the MIT license.

Made with ♥ by Guilherme Zagari :wave: [Get in touch!](https://www.linkedin.com/in/guilherme-batalha-2b913448/)

[nodejs]: https://nodejs.org/
[nextjs]: https://nextjs.org/
[prismic]: https://prismic.io/
[contentful]: https://www.contentful.com/
[react-query]: https://react-query.tanstack.com/
[react-infinite-scroll]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-infinite-scroll-component
[react-syntax-highlighter]: https://github.com/react-syntax-highlighter/react-syntax-highlighter
[stripe]: https://stripe.com/en-br
[nodemailer]: https://nodemailer.com/about/
[sendgrid]: https://sendgrid.com/
[postgresql]: https://www.postgresql.org/
[express]: https://expressjs.com/
[json-server]: https://github.com/typicode/json-server
[miragejs]: https://github.com/typicode/json-server
[reactjs]: https://reactjs.org/
[axios]: https://github.com/axios/axios
[sass]: https://sass-lang.com/
[styled-components]: https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components
[yarn]: https://yarnpkg.com/
